I play the death but I'm really a mirage
of your abstract join I am a ghost
you're gonna stay in damnation for the
rest of eternity dad can't your weirdest
fuck do you sleep in this darn that's
sleep with the lights on yeah you got
something wrong with your boys man's
only supposed to be like that you might
wanna get that checked out you're so I
don't need to prove anything amen we're
good we didn't you know you're done I
don't understand why did black people
wanna be free from slavery when they're
only going to be enslaved in damnation
hey would have created right there
cracker say he's a cracker so like
jigsaw you wish I was jigsaw why I'm
gonna take you apart limb from limb now
you get Corey crackers hey chest is
gonna stop when we laugh cracker you
fuck are you friggin the dark malli you
know I'm not afraid of the dark cracker
are you you like your eggs extra runny
crack I'll tell you something eyeing a
cracker
Brad as the devil corny dog shut the
fuck up do you want to be in the 666
direction infection America's Next Top
boy band band hello man yeah you're
pretty creepy you want me to play your
Jeff music music yeah
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo oh god how'd you
like that that billboard top 100 hundred
maybe you guys could get a kill if you
turned your gun sideways gangster save
yourself haha hear that crap i'm not
even gonna dignify that cracker no more
no he said no you you to kick off you
turn against always turn up Blair
annoyed turn on turn up I'm gonna give
you a big smooch of big ass yeah that's
a Geisha right there yeah it's only a
matter of time before you die for my
damnation shit I hear what you dare not
mute until a corny burnin Hammond
Hammond Oh who's gonna chain me during
this game your fucking face face
what